[READY] Mux Launch (#38)
Contenda-Team/Contenda-landing-page: src/posts/mux.md

---
layout: "../layouts/BlogPost.astro"
title: "Announcing the Mux + Contenda integration"
slug: mux

> description: "Get even more from your Mux Video content"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Get even more from your Mux Video content with our latest integration!"
```

---
layout: "../layouts/BlogPost.astro"
title: "Announcing the Mux + Contenda integration"
slug: mux
description: "Get even more from your Mux Video content"
author: "Lilly Chen"
added: "April 17 2023"
tags: ["technical", "announcement"]
---

> # Why Mux?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Mux Video is how developers build online video in only one API. Contenda is built with a developer-first belief. We imagine a world where manual content processes can be automated, just like code deployment. Partnering with Mux Video means our developers get to automate more, with less work. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mux Video is how developers build online video, and we love that! Contenda is built with a developer-first belief. We imagine a world where manual content processes can be automated, just like code deployment. So, naturally, partnering with Mux Video means our developers get to automate more, with less work!
```

![Contenda and Mux graphic](/blogimages/mux.png)

**Quote from Dave here**

## How do I get started?

> Contenda natively accepts Mux `PLAYBACK_ID` in the `source_id` field for all video jobs! Take this example request body and drop in `mux PLAYBACK_ID`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting today, Contenda natively accepts Mux `PLAYBACK_ID` in the `source_id` field for all video jobs submitted with our API! Take this example request body and drop in `mux PLAYBACK_ID`:
```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```js
```

{
  "status_update_webhook_url": "",
  "status_update_email": "",
  "source_id": "mux PLAYBACK_ID",
  "type": "presentation",
  "overrides": {}
}
```

> Ba-da-bing, ba-da-boom. Everything else is the same. You're on your way to making blogs from your Mux Videos. Read the full API docs [here](https://prod.contenda.io/docs#/Jobs/post_video_to_blog_job_api_v2_jobs_video_to_blog_post).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ba-da-bing, ba-da-boom. These changes **don't** disrupt any of your existing Contenda workflows, so you can continue to reuse and recycle content 'til the cows come home without anything breaking!

You're well on your way to making blogs from *any* of your Mux Videos. Read the API docs [here](https://prod.contenda.io/docs#/Jobs/post_video_to_blog_job_api_v2_jobs_video_to_blog_post) to get started!
```
